CONSTITUTION OF KENDALL CHRISTIAN SCHOOL
Article I - Name
The name of this organization shall be Kendall Christian School.
Article Il - Basis, Purpose, and Principles
The basis of this school is the infallible Word of God as interpreted by the doctrinal standards of Kendall Presbyterian Church, which is the Westminster Confession of Faith and Catechisms.
The purpose of the organization is to establish and maintain a school which will provide quality
Christian education to prepare the students as God-fearing, worthy members in society, church, and state.
The organization is governed by the following principles:
That everything in the world has been created to the end that the Triune God may be glorified in and through them.
That the home, with the school and the church in supporting roles, is given the responsibility by God to insure that the education of children is God honoring and God-centered.
That only through a saving knowledge of Jesus Christ can anyone have eternal life.
Article 111 - Organization and Meetings
Kendall Christian School is an organization of Kendall Continuing Presbyterian Church, Inc. and operates under the jurisdiction of the Session.
Special meetings of the Session to consider matters related to Kendall Christian School may be called at the request of the Board of Trustees or by a majority vote of the members present at any meeting of the Session. No final action may be taken at such special meetings without first hearing an advisory opinion of the Board of Trustees concerning such action. A minimum of one week's notice shall be given to the Board of Trustees requesting said advisory opinion.
Article IV - Board of Trustees
Section 1. The Board of Trustees shall consist of at least seven members but not more than twelve, at least 60 percent must be members of Kendall Presbyterian Church, all being communing members of a PCA church, who subscribe to Article Il of the School Constitution and the limitations for Board participation.
Section 2. The members of the Board of Trustees shall serve a term of three years and can be reapproved to serve no more than three consecutive terms.
Section 3 The Board of Trustees shall have the following duties, powers, and authorities:
To supervise all programs, finances, and properties of Kendall Christian
School. Title to all properties purchased by or given to Kendall Christian School shall be in the name of Kendall Continuing Presbyterian Church.
To determine and execute school policies in harmony with theConstitution.
To appoint and dismiss persons employed by Kendall Christian School.
To devise ways and means compatible with the policies of the Session for obtaining the funds necessary for operating the school and to determine how these filnds shall be expended. The sources of funds include individuals, foundations, estates, and tuition and fees.
To appoint one of its own members to visit the school each month to assure itself of the faithful carrying out of the school's educational program and policies.
To report semi-annually in writing to the Session of Kendall Presbyterian Church, and to respond to special requests for information as soon as practicable.
To promote the cause of Christian education in the community.
To appoint committees to implement the duties of the Board of Trustees.
1)To meet as a Board of Trustees at least once each month.
J)To elect officers of the Board of Trustees.
Article V - Officers of the Board and Their Duties
Section 1. The President shall preside at all meetings of the Board of Trustees, shall enforce the provisions of the Constitution, and shall appoint a liaison between the Board of Trustees and the Session.
Section 2. The Vice President shall assist the President in the administration of the Board of Trustees and, during his absence or at his request, shall officiate in his place. He shall also perform liaison duties with school personnel.
Section 3. The Secretary shall take care of the official documents of the organization, shall conduct all correspondence, and enter into the records of the organization the minutes of all Board of Trustee meetings after they have been approved.
Section 4. The Treasurer is entrusted with the organization's funds and disbursements shall be made under his direction. All finances received by him shall be deposited in the name of the organization in a bank approved by the Board and at its direction and no disbursement shall be made except by check signed by persons authorized by the Board of Trustees.
Section 5. The Assistant Secretary-Treasurer shall assist the Secretary in his official business and assist the Treasurer in ensuring the accuracy of the financial records of the organization. 
Article VI - Amendments
Article Il is not subject to amendment. Other amendments to this Constitution shall be made only by the Session. The Session shall ensure that an advisory opinion from the Board of Trustees concerning any amendment be received prior to its action.
2
Article VIK - Disbandment
In the event of a dissolution of Kendall Christian School, the accounts and good will after discharge of all obligations shall be transferred to Kendall Continuing Presbyterian Church.
Revised 1/96 by Session action.
CONSTrr
3
